gabriel think it was pretty cool
Talk about your your style of
life or laos in certainty here also wants
man's knowledge
Let's talk a little bit about how the game is.
Where are you playing in the counter attack?
the 2050 player with no animals here in
the focus is 50 50 100 and 200 m in
several faces of your game regularly
online very cool
bn in fact even that the guy had
two days I did not know it was a guy
Which I admire as hell is the king.
movie 'the sic guy in the grids plays in
mega face it there caramel and
Relaxed talking to you
rafa rafa was very good
I went there on google want he's a guy
which plays only 200 400 and 300 600 and went well
It's cool to be able to talk to him and I said
I want green
our cool such as closed breaks
you know and can also
will present and in the legal wood
sometimes one with that total focus on the game
they do not have the dimension of what really
It's happening like this in no time.
so expensive does not realize that it's a bit
only people who play that game
if you know but and enter both the wave
that poses is normal ie you realize
really what happens north but this
It's from this presentation with top elite face
reception at the time understood that it is
very gratifying we make poor
cool
but it's basically this was pretty cool and it's
that I found where almost packs is a
face that was last I met
personally deny it online and it is already
very my friend and was hitting this you
I quickly told him what he
spoke the reason for him to play but
them and some online tournaments that the
Salt if it 's a mistake
I would say that it is the total top of the world
so poker world is a guy
extremely disciplined so the guy
that we actually played some more guys
the world and for the games he
really does not have as much action and
there is not much action
people are willing to confront
because he does not play 50 regularly
So it's still worth it for me
online 2150 patience 6,077 more
have art
he's not 151 cheaper for him so why
that he should have said that
Happen in Brazil, what happens here?
already in europe the site start is
regionalized in the region by
example could only play not only for me
no sex, I would have to change country
surely would not have a place to play
where he could face other people from the
whole world but it's complicated to talk about
market by many the most
My birthday is born, it would be very bad.
the race is like this there is room for
to get Ana, I do not know if I actually
I also tendentious next year
including my daughter living outside
celebrated and but I like much more
silent to get something else
with over 11 countries with a city
europe interior is a more focused thing
for culture I do not play party then it is
more or less my moments of life